Hello friends this time I present the recipe for codfish
first
use Norwegian cod or whatever your choice
is always full of salt
cod desalt putting it in water for two days
and every night we're going to change the water
By now the codfish spent two days in water
Now let the cod one more night in evaporated milk
add evaporated milk
by that time it happened one night
and it is time to remove the cod evaporated milk
not rinsed with water because it loses the flavor of evaporated milk
then the next step is to shred the cod
and remove the thorns
the ingredients to be used are
spicy tomato sauce
2 pounds of chopped onion
2 cloves garlic, finely chopped
Almond slice 5.2oz
5 oz caper
1/2 liter of olive oil
a bunch of chopped parsley
a pound of chopped potatoes
chili
bell pepper
bell pepper part we left uncut
Cut bell pepper
and finally olives
Now we will prepare the cod
Put in the pot olive oil
with the hot oil add the garlic
to fry it
add onions
mmm hopefully could smell the fried garlic
with olive oil smells delicious
add parsley
moving all the ingredients
add spicy tomato sauce
to grind in a blender along with the red pepper
and then add them to the pot
mmm smells good
constantly move
let it boil a little
add the codfish
constantly move
lowered the flame
to cook it low and slow
in about 10 minutes add all other ingredients
add all other ingredients
almond
olives
capers
then let cook another 10 minutes
looks tasty
Ten minutes passed and
add the potatoes to cook with cod
another ten minutes left
and finally add the chile
remember cook it low and slow
im sure probably already craving
already cook all ingredients now add chili
mmm delicious
cod was ready
I will now serve
now ready this delicious cod
accompanied with French bread
I hope you liked the recipe
comment, vote and subscribe to the channel
I will try it in front of you
See you in the next recipe